# GLOBAL WANEZ TAGS
tagWzDGA_LuaNotify_Welcome=Welcome to DGA v1.1.0
tagWzDGA_Areas_0000a=Planes-Shifters Encampment [v1.1.0]


# LUA
tagWzPylon_NewPylon=A new Pylon appeared!

tagWaEmpty=
tagWzDGA_Riftgate=Riftgate to Planes-Shifters Encampment


tagWzCampaign_EnemyManticoreA01=Phasing Manticore
tagWzCampaign_EnemySlithA01=Phasing Slith
tagWzCampaign_EnemySpiderGiantA01=Phasing Spider
tagWzCampaign_EnemyVultureA01=Phasing Vulture
tagWzCampaign_EnemyWaspGiantA01=Phasing Wasp

tagWzCampaingLua_TimeHasRunOut=Your time has run out, Spawn-Count has been reset!
tagWzCampaingLua_SpawnBoss=You are now able to spawn a Boss, Good Luck!


# Legendary Crafting
tagWzLC_NPC_BlacksmithVanilla00_NAME=Legendary Crafter
tagWzLC_NPC_BlacksmithVanilla01_DESC=Vanilla (Rank 1)
tagWzLC_NPC_BlacksmithVanilla02_DESC=Vanilla (Rank 2)
tagWzLC_NPC_BlacksmithVanilla03_DESC=Vanilla (Rank 3)
tagWzLC_NPC_BlacksmithVanilla04_DESC=Vanilla (Rank 5)
tagWzLC_NPC_BlacksmithVanilla05_DESC=Vanilla (Rank 5)

# Gifts & Treasures
tagWzGifts_NPC_Blacksmith00_NAME=Gifts & Treasures
tagWzGifts_NPC_Blacksmith01_DESC=Crafter (Rank 1)
tagWzGifts_NPC_Blacksmith02_DESC=Crafter (Rank 2)
tagWzGifts_NPC_Blacksmith03_DESC=Crafter (Rank 3)
tagWzGifts_NPC_Blacksmith04_DESC=Crafter (Rank 5)
tagWzGifts_NPC_Blacksmith05_DESC=Crafter (Rank 5)

# Personal Assistant
tagWzPA_NPC_Assistant_DESC=Personal Assistant
tagWzPA_Scroll_Assistant_NAME=Summon Personal Assistant
tagWzPA_Scroll_Assistant_DESC="Summons a Personal Assistant to the Player Location, the Assistant can summon another NPC to help you sell, stash or craft Items."^n^rMP Warning: This will only work for the Host

# Auto PickUp
tagWzAutoPickUp_Lua_ReceivedItem=You received a new Item through >AutoPickUp<

# OMEGA
tagOMEssenceLegendary=Legendary Essence
tagOMEssenceLegendaryDesc="Essence of a Legendary Item given after extracting it's power.Collect them for completing Omega Quests"
